added perf test (#340)
threefoldtech/info_grid: src/internals/zos/performance/cpubench.md

<h1> CPUBenchmark </h1>

<h2>Table of Contents</h2>

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Details](#details)
- [Result Sample](#result-sample)
- [Result Explanation](#result-explanation)

***

## Overview

The `CPUBenchmark` task is designed to measure the performance of the CPU. it utilizes the [cpu-benchmark-simple](https://github.com/threefoldtech/cpu-benchmark-simple) tool and includes a zos stub to gather the number of workloads running on the node.

## Configuration

- Name: `cpu-benchmark`
- Schedule: 4 times a day
- Jitter: 0

## Details

- The benchmark simply runs a `CRC64` computation task, calculates the time spent in the computation and reports it in `seconds`.
- The computation is performed in both single-threaded and multi-threaded scenarios.
- Lower time = better performance: for a single threaded benchmark, a lower execution time indicates better performance.

## Result Sample

```json
{

>   "description": "Measures the performance of the node CPU by reporting the timespent of computing a task in seconds.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "Measures the performance of the node CPU by reporting the time spent of computing a task in seconds.",
```

  "name": "cpu-benchmark",
  "result": {
    "multi": 1.105,
    "single": 1.135,
    "threads": 1,
    "workloads": 0
  },
  "timestamp": 1700504403
}
```

## Result Explanation

The best way to know what's a good or bad value is by testing and comparing different hardware.

> Here are some example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some examples:
```
